The Joe Rogan experience.
But that's also because he's from the Philippines in the Philippines.
Look how good he kids look perfect position on the seven,
watch this seven to the eight, eight to the 10. And he's out 10 ball.
Watch this pop. If you watch how he strokes the ball,
like everything's super precise. Look at his position. That's,
he's a professional look like a legit professional.
So if Manny decides to retire from, uh,
from fighting and goes, uh, into professional pool,
he might win some world championships. Like no. I mean,
he's still fighting actively.
They're actually talking about him fighting Connor McGregor right now,
which is kind of bonkers through that gets out. Beautiful.
Why do you say it's kind of bonkers because you think Manny McGregor dominate
Connor.
Right? Is that a question?
One of the greatest boxers of all time against the guy with one professional
boxing.
Match? I agree. And I'm a huge Manny Pacquiao fan, but,
but God, I can't believe it.
The other week I rewatched McGregor
Mayweather since it's been like done.
I just wish it was on my Showtime app and I wanted to watch some box.
It popped up and I clicked on it and I did not remember.
I remembered Connor shocking me with how good he did,
but I did not remember it being as close as it truly was.
Let me explain something.
The reason why it was close is because Mayweather let him blow his wad. Right?
Just let him look.
He clip Mayweather will the Git legit left uppercut early in the fight.
And I was kind of stunned. I was like, wow, that's really legit. Watch this.
Here we go. See what, what Conor it. Look at that. If you see it,
watch this left upper cut. If he, if he,
if they don't think they replay that it's really quick. Oh,
so let's rewind a little bit. So just so I could see it, cause it's really,
really good. Look at that left upper cut.
Here's the thing Mayweather had to figure out Connor's timing because what Conor
is, Conor is not a professional boxer. Okay.
So because he's not a professional boxer, he's not as, um,
efficient and he's going to get tired. Easier.
Mayweather is one of the greatest, if not the greatest boxer of all time,
I say there's a real good argument.
He's the greatest of all time because he's undefeated 15 O and really only been
hurt by sugar,
Shane Mosley and my Donna two guys in a spectacular career,
50 and oh, and just gets hit less than anybody.
And he's super smart about how he sets up fights. He sets up one of these.
He does.
He just talks a mess of and gets everybody wanting to root for him to lose.
He'll show you all his rolls. Royce has his show.
You all this money to show you all these watches. And everybody's like,
he's going to go broke. He's going to go broke buddy.
Never because he keeps making money. He keeps making money.
So because if you look at his style, he's,
he's got a brilliant style. His style is take the minimal amount of damage,
find your, and then establish a game and then dominate.
And that's what he's done to everybody.
That's what he did to Manny Pacquiao and their fight. And you know,
Manny Pacquiao apparently had a up shoulder,
but that's what he did to Ricky Hatton dominated Ricky Hatton,
who at the time was, you know,
one of the best in the world and a guy that a lot of people were interested in
seeing how he would do against Mayweather.
And then the second fight with my Donna.
You get to see the brilliance of Mayweather.
Cause you knew he got clipped in the first fight.
So he digested all of my Donna's movements and what he did wrong in the first
fight. And he came out in the second fight and just put on a clinic.
He's the best of all time. Yeah,
but Connor is a freak.
He's an explosive guy. He's so fast. And there's no remedy for that. Right.
Other than getting tired. So what may weather was doing was boxing with him.
But preserving being safe,
got clipped a couple of times realize that Connor can punch Connor could punch,
but just drag them into deep water, drag them into deep water.
And that's what a guy like Mayweather would do. He's the most,
he's the most intelligent in terms of his overall strategy to preserve his
health yet to always win. I mean, he's the most intelligent and he's so good.
You know, all the greats have suffered losses and setbacks and
except him. Yeah. Sat Pam. We.
Don't even know what it's like. I mean,
you don't even know how we would recover.
He's had tough fights. He's had a couple of tough fights, but dude,
he's so good. He's so protected. He knows where to beam,
where not to be he's so composed, like look at that. Look at that.
Look at that movement. Look how he moves away from everything.
So you're punching it air and you're still threatening,
but you're not really hitting him. And he's making you throw punches.
And occasionally you clip them with a shot as he's moving away.
And he rolls with a lot of. So it's real. You gotta be a Gilot like sugar.
Shane Mosley clipped him, really clipped him, like really hurt him.
And he just grabbed a hold of him and held onto him.
And then eventually started kicking sugar. Shane's just took time. He's a,
if you're a young boxer and you want to know what it's like to be a
41 year old and still be at the top of your game, you gotta be like him.
Or like Bernard Hopkins. When Bernard Hopkins was at the top of his game,
he was older. He was like in his forties. But he was,
I think he was 36 when he beat Felix Trinidad.
And a lot of people like Bernard done it's over Felix Trinidad,
Tito Trinidad is a future. And he lit Felix Trinidad on fire.
And then the same thing with Kelly Pavlik. He, I.
Was not expecting that. We were expecting that to be Kelly.
Public's big like return. And he got some.
Bernard Hopkins is a national treasure.
He's because he look who that kind of pops them with that jab.
And that was uncomfortable. But it's like, he's looking, look how calm he is.
Stop back that up, back that up a second. Look how calm he is.
Wash his jab, come to Floyd's face. He doesn't even blink.
It touches him in the nose, but he knows it's not going to hurt him. Look.
At, watch this. Look at this, look at this. He doesn't even move. Wow.
He doesn't even move. He's a master of distance. He really is a master.
Of distance. Bernard was a master of distance too.
And Bernard was different kind of style,
different kinds of defensive style Bernard look, but frustrate guys a lot.
We would clinch with them, tie you up, make it very physical.
And guys get real frustrated and they didn't know what to do.
And they just wanted to start winging punches.
And then he'd get right in your face again and clinch a hold of you,
but then break with you and catch you with a left hook break catch with the
right hand, always defensive, always protect, always disciplined, you know.
Frustrating. Your opponent and boxing is one of the interesting things, right?
Like Holyfield Tyson. It's crazy. Everybody remembers the ear bite,
but not a lot of people talk about the massive amount of clenching and headbutts
that Holyfield was landing on him in that fight. Oh yeah.
It's very clear when you watch it again. Episodes.
Of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.